Improve troubleshooting guide for issues switching from Docker Engine (#34764)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/debug/debug-cluster/_index.md

the [application troubleshooting guide](/docs/tasks/debug/debug-application/) for tips on application debugging.
You may also visit the [troubleshooting overview document](/docs/tasks/debug/) for more information.

 Before upgrading to Kubernetes 1.24 , please go through [Urgent Upgrade Notes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.24.md#urgent-upgrade-notes).

<!-- body -->
## Cluster not starting

*If you get the following error after upgrading to Kubernetes 1.24, and you were previously using Docker Engine as your container runtime, go through the [Migrating from dockershim](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/migrating-from-dockershim/) guide.*

```
Error: failed to parse kubelet flag: unknown flag: --network-plugin

> ```

Reviewer: I'd move this to be a level-3 heading / section within “Cluster failure modes”, and make the heading be similar to one of:

- “Retaining old settings after cluster upgrade”
- “Incomplete upgrade from Kubernetes v1.23 or earlier”
- “Node configuration wrong after switching from Docker Engine container runtime”

What do you think @NitishKumar06 ?

Author: This sounds good @sftim . Correct me if I'm wrong: 

So we can just transfer the above newly added information under "CLUSTER FAILURE MODES" using level-3 heading like [Specific scenarios](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/debug/debug-cluster/#contributing-causes) with the above heading title which suits best. Right?

the [application troubleshooting guide](/docs/tasks/debug/debug-application/) for tips on application debugging.
You may also visit the [troubleshooting overview document](/docs/tasks/debug/) for more information.

>  Before upgrading to Kubernetes 1.24 , please go through [Urgent Upgrade Notes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.24.md#urgent-upgrade-notes).

Reviewer 2: Not sure why there are weird spaces.
```suggestion
Before upgrading to Kubernetes 1.24, please go through [Urgent Upgrade Notes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.24.md#urgent-upgrade-notes).
```

And please address [previous suggestion](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/34764#pullrequestreview-1033704600) to this line 4 weeks ago.

<!-- body -->

> ## Cluster not starting

Reviewer 2: There should be a newline before and after `<!-- body -->` tag.

To start your cluster, run the following command:

```shell
kubelet --help | grep network-plugin
```

```shell
Error: failed to parse kubelet flag: unknown flag: --network-plugin
```

> ## Listing your cluster

Reviewer 2: We don't need two empty line for most cases.

the [application troubleshooting guide](/docs/tasks/debug/debug-application/) for tips on application debugging.
You may also visit the [troubleshooting overview document](/docs/tasks/debug/) for more information.

>  Before upgrading to Kubernetes 1.24 , please go through [Urgent Upgrade Notes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.24.md#urgent-upgrade-notes).

Reviewer 3: nit: You can remove the word, 'please'.
Before you upgrade to Kubernetes 1.24, review the [Urgent Upgrade Notes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.24.md#urgent-upgrade-notes).

>  Before upgrading to Kubernetes 1.24 , It is very important to go through [Urgent Upgrade Notes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.24.md#urgent-upgrade-notes).

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
 Before upgrading to Kubernetes 1.24 , please go through [Urgent Upgrade Notes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.24.md#urgent-upgrade-notes).
```

<!-- body -->
## Cluster not starting

> To start your cluster, Run the following command:

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
To start your cluster, run the following command:
```

```shell
kubelet --help | grep network-plugin

> ```

Reviewer: This is *not* a command that starts your cluster

Author: Thanks @sftim , I'll push the new changes now.

Author: @sftim The new changes have been pushed. I've deleted the following command which is wrong and believe it can go without mentioning on "How to start a cluster" since it's error resolving page and not "guide page"

Reviewer 5: This is incorrect
You do not start your cluster with `kubelet --help | grep network-plugin`

/hold
Holding until this is corrected

> *Note: If you get the following error after upgrading to Kubernetes 1.24, go through the [Migrating from dockershim](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/migrating-from-dockershim/) guide to get a better understanding of how to resolve this error.*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you get the following error after upgrading to Kubernetes 1.24, and you were previously using Docker Engine as your container runtime, go through the [Migrating from dockershim](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/migrating-from-dockershim/) guide.
```

> ```shell

Reviewer: This is _not_ a shell script. Omit `shell` here.

Reviewer 2: This issue is still not addressed.

> *Note: If you get the following error after upgrading to Kubernetes 1.24, go through the [Migrating from dockershim](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/migrating-from-dockershim/) page to get a better understanding on how to resolve this error.*

Reviewer 2: We tend to use relative link instead of full URI.

```suggestion
*Note: If you get the following error after upgrading to Kubernetes 1.24, go through the [Migrating from dockershim](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/migrating-from-dockershim/) page to get a better understanding on how to resolve this error.*
```

> *Note: If you get the following error after upgrading to Kubernetes 1.24, go through the [Migrating from dockershim](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/migrating-from-dockershim/) page to get a better understanding on how to resolve this error.*

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
*Note: If you get the following error after upgrading to Kubernetes 1.24, go through the [Migrating from dockershim](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/migrating-from-dockershim/) guide to get a better understanding of how to resolve this error.*
```

the [application troubleshooting guide](/docs/tasks/debug/debug-application/) for tips on application debugging.
You may also visit the [troubleshooting overview document](/docs/tasks/debug/) for more information.

> Before upgrading to Kubernetes 1.24 , please go through [Urgent Upgrade Notes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.24.md#urgent-upgrade-notes).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Before upgrading to Kubernetes 1.24, please go through [Urgent Upgrade Notes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.24.md#urgent-upgrade-notes).
```

Author: DONE!

> Before upgrading to Kubernetes 1.24, please go through [Urgent Upgrade Notes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.24.md#urgent-upgrade-notes).
> 

Reviewer 5: The current `main` branch is for 1.25
I'm also ok with this line not being in the top of this page as there is no other content/context around troubleshooting upgrades. 
Maybe a warning like this (sans version) can go in the [Upgrade a Cluster](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/cluster-upgrade/). A similar sentence is already in the [Upgrading kubeadm clusters](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/kubeadm-upgrade/) page

```suggestion
Before upgrading to Kubernetes 1.24, please go through [Urgent Upgrade Notes](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.24.md#urgent-upgrade-notes).

```

Author: @reylejano Thank you for the suggestions! I'd be committing the changes soon.

<!-- body -->

## Cluster not starting

To start your cluster, run the following command:

```shell
kubelet --help | grep network-plugin
```

```shell
Error: failed to parse kubelet flag: unknown flag: --network-plugin

> ```

Reviewer 2: Copying from @sftim:

> This is not a shell script. Omit `shell` here.

- Action: applications (containers) designed to tolerate unexpected restarts
  - Mitigates: Node shutdown
  - Mitigates: Kubelet software fault
  
### Things to note after dockershim migration

## {{< note >}} 

> *Note: Due to change in CNI, the `kubelet` binary might not recognize `--network-plugin` flag even after passing to `kubelet` which leads to the following error:

Reviewer 4: IMO, this could be phrased better. WDYT?
```suggestion
*Note: Starting 1.24, since management of the CNI is no longer in scope for kubelet, the `--network-plugin` command line parameter has been removed from the binary and will throw the following error, if used:
```

Author: As per @reylejano suggested [here](https://github.com/kubernetes/website/pull/34764#discussion_r984924005), I've omitted this line.

`Error: failed to parse kubelet flag: unknown flag: --network-plugin`

> If you get the following error, go through the [Migrating from dockershim](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/migrating-from-dockershim/) guide to get a better understanding of how to resolve this error.* 

Reviewer 4: WDYT?
```suggestion
To understand how to resolve this error, go through the [Migrating from dockershim](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/migrating-from-dockershim/) guide.
```

  - Mitigates: Node shutdown
  - Mitigates: Kubelet software fault

> ### Retaining old settings after cluster upgrade

Reviewer 4: I don't think the title is in line with the content that comes along with it. Per [this guide linked in the issue](https://github.com/kubernetes/kubernetes/blob/master/CHANGELOG/CHANGELOG-1.24.md#urgent-upgrade-notes), the flags have been removed and I'm assuming we're trying to signpost the users to check-out the link mentioned in the content to show it has been removed. 

If that's the case, I think we'd need to rephrase the title better or introduce it with the note/caution admonition because we're not retaining anything. WDYT?

```suggestion
### Retaining old settings after cluster upgrade
```

Reviewer: @divya-mohan0209 what was the text change you wanted to suggest?

Reviewer 4: So, IMO, instead of having this as a separate subsection it'd be better to signpost users with a caution/note admonition. Or we could have it retitled to "Things to note after dockershim migration" or something on those lines. I'd be curious to hear others' thoughts on this, as well.

Author: @sftim The title mentioned by @divya-mohan0209 sounds appealing to me as well. Should I commit new changes?

Reviewer: You're welcome to make changes here @NitishKumar06

Author: Perfect! I'll raise the new changes. Thanks @divya-mohan0209

> ### Retaining old settings after cluster upgrade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Things to note after dockershim migration
```

Author: Alright , I'll push the changes as required.

- Action: applications (containers) designed to tolerate unexpected restarts
  - Mitigates: Node shutdown
  - Mitigates: Kubelet software fault
  
### Things to note after dockershim migration

> *Note: If you get the following error after upgrading to Kubernetes 1.24, go through the [Migrating from dockershim](/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/migrating-from-dockershim/) guide to get a better understanding of how to resolve this error.*

Reviewer 2: Use `{{< note >}}` shortcode instead.

Author: Do you mean I need to put the text inside `< >` ?

Reviewer 5: Read https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/hugo-shortcodes/ on how to use hugo shortcodes

- Action: applications (containers) designed to tolerate unexpected restarts
  - Mitigates: Node shutdown
  - Mitigates: Kubelet software fault

> ### Things to note after dockershim migration

Reviewer 2: Add a newline before heading.

Author: Got it!
